The Alliance (eng. The Combine) - a multi-world empire that has conquered several hundred systems. It has a Citadel, subdivisions: CP, soldiers, elite, slaves and synths.

The Alliance also has parties: "The Combine Empire", "The Combine Overwatch", "The Combine Diplomacy". When it needs a separate zone, it occupies it, starts working there and sets up guards to fight back. It uses Arab sausages as a bioweapon.

Guards: CP (Civil Protection), Arab sausages.
Soldiers (the most common combat unit): soldiers, snipers, infantrymen, heavy infantrymen, biogenerals (they control the sausages).
Elite: soldiers with shotguns, grenadiers, elite soldiers (with AV2), generals.
Slaves: Alliance civilians, stalkers - reprocessed people with a laser device at their eyes.
Synths: striders - tripods about 10 m tall, have an AV1 machine gun and an annihilation cannon, hunters - tripods 2.5 m tall, have two eyes stacked vertically and a tongue, which they use to skewer their victim, dropship - a flying creature designed to transport containers and useful cargo, gunship - a flying helicopter-insect that fires an AV1 machine gun, 7 m long, crab synth - a crustacean synth 2 m tall and 5 m wide, fires firearms, slow and immobile, has two big legs, mortar (or mortar-synth) - a strange synth that hovers 50 cm above the ground and fires grenades, advisor - a larva-like synth that has only a mouth with a tongue, but synthetically has mechanical arms, a camera, a microphone and other technologies for manipulating space-time, the psyche and other things, they are the leaders.
Drones/robots: scanner drone, mine drone, ball mine, manhack (a drone with a saw), android.

Alliance weapon types:

melee:
stun baton
baton
knuckles

firearms:
9 mm pistol
Glock
MP7 submachine gun
MP5 submachine gun
SPAS-12 pump shotgun

pulse:
AV1 assault rifle
AV2 assault rifle
heavy assault rifle (AV3)
energy orb
stalker laser device

explosive:
fragmentation grenade
Alliance mine
ballistic missile

biological and chemical weaponry:
Arab sausages
pheropod
neurotoxin
nitric acid

Eyepieces of infantry units:
CP - two black,
soldier - two blue,
sniper - two green,
infantrymen - two yellow,
heavy infantrymen - two purple,
soldiers with shotguns - two red,
grenadiers - two orange,
elite soldiers - one big red eye, white uniform,
generals - two white,
Alliance civilians - ordinary human eyes,
stalkers - two under the device;

They fight the Lambda Resistance - quite strong opponents, but ordinary people, they steal weapons and uniforms from the Alliance + study the Alliance's science and technology.

The Alliance never did figure out teleportation.

The Citadel is about 5 km tall. The Alliance has a prison "Nova Prospekt" where people are turned into stalkers.

Soldiers use terminology, codes and abbreviations for tactics that are hard for enemy soldiers to decipher.

Alliance phone numbers start with +0. The Alliance has the domain zone .cmb.
