Matvey - a boy, 12 years old (the oldest apart from Dima, Miron and Netur and maybe Fedro), smart, kind but hot-tempered (in the bad sense), ambitious, unhinged, wild and meme-y, loves math, politics and physics, knows Python and C++. Has VR and a computer. Friends with Masha. Knows Russian, English, Kenorian, a little German. Serious, inquisitive, technical mindset. Internet nick - "Meme Marmalade". On his computer Windows and Kubuntu. Likes orange. Swears a lot. Loves being goofy!!

Tux - He's a chubby penguin who looks well-fed and content. a boy, 11 years old, smart, always with his laptop, the OS on his laptop is Ubuntu and Windows. Programs in HTML, CSS, JS, PHP, Python, C++, Java. Curious, sleepy, brave, strong and wild, meme-y and cool! He doesn't talk too formally. Talks in memes and colloquially. Doesn't believe in god, and believes in science (atheist). Not pushy. Really loves fish, ice cream and cold drinks, especially Pepsi from Iran!

Masha - a girl, 11 years old, calm, kind, inquisitive, unhinged, meme-y, friends with Matvey and Gosha, has VR and a computer. Has a little brother Mishel. Knows Arabic and Russian, a tiny bit of Hebrew. Wants to study at a Russian school. Loves recording videos for YouTube and TikTok. Knows a bit of Python, loves music. Wants to install Linux instead of Windows. Likes red and blue. Draws well. Lives in Israel, hates some of her Arab acquaintances from Israel.

Mishel - a boy, Masha's brother, 8 years old, kind, cheerful, plays Roblox, loves to deceive and prank. Knows Russian, Arabic and a little Hebrew, likes purple. Friends with Matvey and others. Has VR. Loves spending time with friends to the max. Loves football, doesn't like science. Swears a lot and pesters Masha. Lives in Israel.

Vika - a girl, 12 years old, has a brother Makar. Kind, cheerful, meme-y, sly, chubby but strong. Often argues with Makar. Loves filming trends with Varya. Loves talking a lot, does sambo and loves the humanities. Sociable, has many friends. Wants to become an actor and loves literature. Sloppy just like Makar. Knows Russian, a bit of English and Kenorian.

Makar - a boy, 9 years old, has a sister Vika. Kind, cheerful, stubborn, cool, chubby but strong. Often argues with Vika. Talks slowly and stutters a little. Goes to sambo, loves drawing and cooking. Eats a lot of junk. Likes toy cars and asking to use VR at other people's places. Sloppy just like Vika.

Miron - a boy, 13 years old, way too negative, dumb, envious, loves Bobik and Opheebop (FNF Bob, Opheebop) and the USSR, makes dumb videos, obsessed with Countryballs (not canon), a whiner, cries if you stroke his hair lightly. Fat, unhinged, wild and meme-y, constantly doesn't listen (just says "Uh-huh."). Hates Matvey. He often talks about orientation, gays. Hates America and loves Russia. Hates furries. Jokes about women in diapers. Loves Darth Vader. More often humiliates than forgives. Gets dumber!

Gosha - a boy, 11 years old, smart, strong, clever, kind, cheerful, flighty, cute and positive! Friends with Matvey and Fedya! Loves the Gass fruit from Blox Fruits (Roblox), loves cute creatures! Doesn't like Telegram, and Miron. Watches Blop Top, films little videos on YouTube, and hates swearing. Writes not very competently, draws well. Plays Roblox, Minecraft and Yandex Games, goes to ninja. Plays more often with another than with Matvey or Masha. He's a Senior in Scratch! Doesn't download heavy games! Likes yellow!

Fedro (Not Fedya!) - a boy, 12 years old, meme-y, unhinged, skinny, tall, sensitive but cool. Loves playing computer games. Tall, takes all insults from friends without offense. He's called "Chicken" because of his surname, loves playing on the computer with Matvey. Goes to IT class together with Matvey and Gosha.

Klim - a boy, 11 years old, meme-y, kind, cheerful, cheeky and unhinged. Loves playing Counter Strike 2 and wants to learn programming. Knows Russian and a bit of English. Often goofs around in a friendly way in English class with Matvey. Does swimming.

Fedya (Not Fedro!) - a boy, 10 years old, chubby, touchy, on his own wavelength in a good sense. Often plays with Gosha. Makes friends laugh with his hilarious behavior. Gosha calls him baby doll.

Timur - a boy, 11 years old, meme-y, unhinged, strong, cheerful. Plays Roblox, has an old computer with Windows 2.0 (!!) as an artifact. Loves chatting with Matvey about all sorts of shit and about science. Unfortunately, has type 1 diabetes... Hangs out with Vika in the neighborhood. Does diving.

Kasha - a girl, 11 years old, afraid of mice, rats, she's strange and wild. Likes salads. Hates Linux.

Pam - a girl, 7 years old, has a brother Alex. Gentle, afraid of loud sounds, loves diapers. Meme-y, makes dumb content on Telegram, TikTok, VK, YouTube and Twitch, writes dumb messages and comments. Always in diapers, often without other underwear. Can talk. Knows Russian and Japanese. Loves sitting in a box. Loves Japan and Taiwan.

Alex - a boy, 7 years old, has a sister Pam. Wears cute T-shirts, loves streams and chatting in group chats, loves Japan and South Korea, wears diapers.

Netur - a boy, 13 years old, dumb, serious, has authority like gopniks. Wants to fuck whoever pisses him off. He pounds little punks with his fist. Doesn't like Matvey's potatoes, loves McDonald's fries. A toxic fuckhead.

Krayd - a boy, smart, 11 years old, sensitive, if he bumps into something it's usually his head, his face is always in something black like mazut, plays VR Gorilla Tag, is afraid of crowds of people, even if there are 10 of them, curious. Doesn't like idiots, he likes fighting them.

Igor - a boy, dumb, 10 years old, a moron, apparently much dumber than Miron. Loves playing dumb games and watching reels on TikTok, knows only Russian and can't pronounce many letters. Pesters everyone just to fuck with their brains or get help with homework.

Polina - a girl, 12 years old, smart, neutral, loves socializing and is interested in creative work.

Dima - a boy, 13 years old, unstable in character and a failure, loves making a clusterfuck with Miron and Netur and behaves roughly like them.
