author of the files: kurlyka

attention: please don't rely too much on the txt files, they're a supplement!! and don't mix up concepts, write unserious nonsense or overdo the circus, don't focus attention on small details, I wrote this for reference

The KKR is the part of the civil war that rose up, the Alliance also has: undocumented terminology, codes, radio channels and combat units, the Alliance assembled synths from different worlds

Matvey created the "Yotacenter" center: a dorm "Yotahotel" so friends can sometimes stay the night there, in the Yotahotel there's a basement with servers and junk, an attic with a smooth dance floor, a cellar where there are biomaterials, fermented and pickled stuff, and a rest room. in the dorm there are a few little rooms, as well as a bar and snack bar "Lupa and Pupa", there's also the "Yotaoffice" - an office, a coworking, which Matvey created, there are old phones, laptops and microcontrollers that Matvey bought cheap and found in the trash and washed off, there's also utility rooms - through them you can get to any part of the Yotacenter and even into rooms that have no access through public areas
they're located in Sochi

the Ambrose restaurants are an illegal chain of restaurants that have terrible, harmful and deadly dangerous dishes (a total fucking bastard)

in 2001 there was an accident at Black Mesa (USA), there was an incident, as a result of which jellies, Arab sausages, antlions, foolies and the Alliance arrived on Earth, which appeared a month later in lunar orbit, it colonized the entire Solar System and the wastelands on Earth, reprocessed small rocks in space into raw materials! Black Mesa is in decline, but still works, some of its parts were bought out by East Black Mesa (Kenorlandia) and Belaya Roshcha (UAE). Also in the USA Aperture Science operates, still on the cutting edge, studying portals, AI and the curvature of space-time.

also Black Mesa had the technologies and knowledge of teleportation "the old way", and the Alliance is chasing after them

arduino, raspberry pi and esp play a role in Matvey's and Tuks's electronic gizmos, to be honest

The Alliance and the UN have mutually friendly relations. Percentage of satellites in orbit: 40% UN, 55% Alliance, 5% other. List of outlet voltages: West - 110 V, East - 220 V, Alliance - 440 V. The Alliance has firearms and pulse weapons, the pulse ones fire tracer bullets of cold and green color. Alliance infantry units wear gas masks with a headset.

substances created by EBM (East Black Mesa):
Ununennium (Uue, element 119, [Og]8s1) - lives from 0.5 seconds to several microseconds, decays with high radiation, is one of the decay products of unbihexium.
Unbihexium (Ubh, element 126, [Og]5g26f38s28p1) - lives 30 seconds, decays with high energy, radioactive, it can be obtained from a few nanograms to tens of milligrams, decays into ununennium and other junk!
Isotopes-Z - a whole mixture of radioactive substances and their isotopes, liquid, colored purple.
Yottor - a healing serum with iodine.
Ekvey (in Kenorian eqve - in Russian sweet pollen) - "A failed shared velocity test", because this powdery substance is incredibly light, sweet-tasting and non-toxic, also has a slightly yellowish color, and when heated it turns blue.
Super-Boyle gas (SBG) - expands 3 times faster, acrid, hot, dense and fast gas. Creates strong winds when a room with SBG is depressurized.
