jellies

Jellies - jelly creatures with antennae on their head, a snail-like sole instead of feet, eyes, a mouth, paws. They're intelligent and can talk, think, solve and build. They build from whatever materials they find in front of them. They look like a pile, a drop or a blob.

They don't have supernatural abilities, can't glow, but are cute and curious. Since they're intelligent, they can do what humans can! Build, talk, cook, wage war, calculate, believe, create and do artistic things! that's not the full list yet!! they build settlements by cities, rivers, shores and mountains

---
sausages

Arab sausages - living sausages, often with red spots, they speak exclusively Arabic with a strange manner of speech and don't speak other languages. They often stage invasions. They bite, scream and twitch. Their temper is insane. They have semi-intelligence. They have no limbs at all, but have a mouth, no eyes, blind, they feed on grass but kinda want to bite things like animals and humans. They reproduce sexually. They fear nothing.

They can build cardboard shelters. The most common faith: Islam and Judaism. They can also write and read (by means of carving, charcoal, anything at all, etc)! A sausage's handwriting is hard for humans to read, but they read very well.

---
antlions

also there's some shit: "antlions" - a beetle 0.5 or 1 m in size that has no eyes, burrows into the sand and waits for a victim to come close, is afraid of vibrations, for example those coming from the Alliance's thumpers/diggers - it's a tall 10 m structure, its job is just to stand on the sands and thump; and it follows whoever has pheropods (a fruit - a lure for the beetles, which you have to hit against the ground and the juices will attract the beetles)

pheropods - fruits

---
foolies

there are foolies - humanoid, upright-walking creatures about 0.8 m in size, their behavior is semi-intelligent, they're dumb in intellect, but they can do everything jellies and sausages can, they run around like crazy, build settlements, don't understand much of what's created by humans, jellies, the Alliance and sausages (their own understanding), they dream of creating a Turaduna state all over the world
